# 00年
## 完型
- commodity
- fertilizer
  - fertile
- genuine
## Text 1
- dread
  - dreadful
- handicap
- glow
- sole
- primacy（强调某种地位）
- manifest
  - Manifesto
- attribute
  - attribute the prosperity to devaluded dollar.
- 

# 01年
- prominent
- flare
- confide
## 1
- consequent
- subsequent
- in terms of
  - The trend can be illustrated *in terms of* the development of geology in the U.K.
- incorporate
- reinforce

## 3
- narrative structrue
- explosive
- illuminate
- illustrate
- **superficial**
- delusion
  - delude
- 
# 08年

## Section I

- tremble at：颤抖
- subject sb./sth. to ... :使某人/某物遭受……
- verdict : deliver a verdict

## Text A

- durable：是“持久的”意思，不是“可忍受的”：忍受是另一个单词：endure -> endurable
- 

## Text B

- **render**:使成为，导致；提供；呈现 (IMPORTANT
  - the rain rendered his escape impossible.（使成为,make）
  - this paint was well rendered.（呈现，渲染）
  - these money are for the services rendered.（提供）
  - hundreds of people were rendered homeless by the earthquake.（make，使成为：earthquake render hundreds of people homeless.)
  - Publication is rendered easier by online service.（同上）

## Part C IMPORTANT

- distinguish
- IMPORTANT : He did not accept as well founded the charge made by some of his critics that, while he was a good observer, he had no power of reasoning.
  - 正确的句子是：as well founded(charge) 放在句子最后，表示那些well-founded的指责(accept)。而accept sth. as sth.是主要谓语：表示，接受某物作为某物：在本句中为：接受这些指责作为well-founded的指责。
- 

# 09年
- subject to:理解为 “受制于”，“服从于”：If an action or event is subject to something, it needs something to happen before it can take place.

# 10年
perish

endeavor

shrewd

facilitate <-> facility

preclude

sophisticated: 1, 2,


sophisticate

---


prominent

prospect


<details>
<summary>dispute</summary>

  in ~      

</details>

<details>
<summary>subject</summary>

  n. :1,   2,

  v.

  adv.

</details>


allege

<details>
<summary>cater</summary>

  his style caters largely to modern specialist

</details>

<details>
<summary>contempt</summary>

  I define 'journalism' as 'a term of contempt applied by writers who are not read to writers who are.

</details>

<details>
<summary>tempt</summary>

  I am tempted to do sth.

</details>

deem

<details>
<summary>review</summary>

  1, 回顾

  2, 评论

  3, 审查


  reviewer
</details>

retreat

ornament

## 2
<details>
<summary>curb</summary>

  curbs on business-method

</details>

broad <-> board

<details>
<summary>hedge</summary>

  hedge risks

</details>

compel <-> compelling

intuitive

The idea is intuitively compelling


<details>
<summary>plausible</summary>

  the supposed importance of influentials derives from a **plausible**-sounding butlargely untested theory called the "2-step flow of communication".

</details>

standstill

insect

inspect

ethic

<details>
<summary>entitle</summary>

  they are **entitle**d to continuance.

  他们有权利活下去

</details>

shaky

revive
revival:
the revival of banking system

<details>
<summary>lobby</summary>

  their lobbying seems to be working.

</details>


<details>
<summary>deter</summary>

    none of these requirements should deter large retailers from ...  

</details>

<details>
<summary>propaganda</summary>

  繁殖

</details>

propel： his addition to drugs propelled him towards a life of crime.

scramble

# 11年
## Text 2
<details>
<summary>vague</summary>

    vague excuses

</details>

<details>
<summary>turbulent</summary>

    A turbulent business environment

</details>

I can't think of single search I've done where a board has not instructed me to look at sitting CEOs first.

<details>
<summary>board</summary>

    董事会

</details>

disgrace

<details>
<summary>cling</summary>

    top performers used to cling to their posts

</details>

intense

delight

<details>
<summary>retro-</summary>

  - retrospect
    happiness in retrospect

</details>

rebuttal

gap

persist

persist

resist

post

discipline

monopoly

<details>
<summary>grant</summary>

  take for granted
  federal research grants rose fourfold

</details>

- acquisition
- erroneous
- neglect
- sober
- aspect
- articulate
- convention, hitherto
  - He freed music from **hitherto** prevailing **conventions** of harmony and structure.

# 12年
- envision
- code of conduct
- prone
- contend

## text2
- commitment
- abide


# 18年
## 完型
- Those subjects were ready to lend significantly higher amounts of money to strangers than ***were*** their counterparts who inhaled something else.
- delight
## Text 2
- counteract
- mutual <-> manual
## Text 3
- commission
- commissioner
- vague
- take account of：考虑到
- aggregate <-> aggressive
- consent
- monopoly <-> monarch
- rival <-> rivalry
## Text 4
- defer
- fund
- unfunded liabilities
- exert
- omission <-> omit
- gratitude
- content v.
- chronic illness
## part B
- intimate <-> intimidate

## part C

- incentive
- medieval
- blossom
- literary **distinction**
- be of interest to sth.：对……感兴趣、
